I wanted to hear from a father who
admits to walking away from his children
now he doesn't represent your father but
I wanted to get an idea of what goes on
in a man's head when he can walk away
Dwain in our audience says that's
exactly what he did where's Dwayne
Dwayne yeah thank you for being here and
tell us why you left your kids and your
wife well the situation was kind of
volatile for a little bit um but the
reason I walked away is because at the
moment I wasn't the man that I wanted to
be for them and one thing led to another
marijuana alcohol I put them on a higher
pedestal than I put myself so at a point
I wasn't worthy to be in their life
because I wasn't the man that I would
want for them so that's kind of why it
stayed away in and and is that true
Rowling would you stand up there yeah is
that true in your experience in dealing
with so many men that if they can't be
what in their minds is the ideal they
aren't the quote perfect dad in their
own head that they just say well I'm
just gonna give it up ya know I see that
quite a bit as a fact as a matter of
fact you know good fathers they do three
things they provide they nurture and
they guide yes provide nurture and guide
and the provide part a lot of times guys
will make that economics I can't do the
right job the right though that kind of
steam in the public square then I can't
do anything else but it's not just about
presence with a tea but presents with
the seee and part of that frankly is our
culture we almost talk about fathers
almost solely as providers that's right
you look at the way the government sort
of treats fathers we have a child
support system for dads who aren't
married to mom and then we have the
tactical for the rest of us yeah but
there aren't really programs that really
focus on the other aspects which is
nurturing connecting heart-to-heart with
your kids the emotional well-being of
your kids and guiding which is
instilling values and I find lots of
guys like this when they do that they
feel like I'm not worthy to be there or
the Kryptonite
for men I have found the kryptonite for
men is inadequacy yeah if they have any
sense or feeling or belief about
inadequacy yeah I'm not good enough at
this I can't do that I won't do it right
is that accurate don't let me talk about
you like you're not here if I'm not
perfect
well that's why I was trying you dissed
nailed it cuz I was saying you have this
version of yourself as being the perfect
person or as perfect as you can be well
here's another point I just asked him a
question which is I already knew the
answer for acid and I said what kind of
father do you have my father wasn't
there yeah well you seem sick so you you
create this script of what this ideal
father is supposed to be and then you
try to live up to a script that's not
reality you've been talking about that
and then when you don't you feel I'm not
worthy and you pull away and this is why
and you're more likely to create the
script when you haven't seen what a real
father is that's right Kyle said he
wondered why his father could not why
everyday he made that choice and we said
he didn't really make the choice he
wasn't thinking I think what every child
wants to know is were you thinking about
me were you thinking about your children
wait a minute hold that thought sit one
second come here Kyle
and listen to a dad tell you what he was
thinking when he wasn't in this child's
life
talk to him come baby talk to him for me
I have to pee Arthur as a father as a
father what I thought about what I
thought about I thought about my
children every day and I thought about
them consistently just because I wasn't
there didn't mean I didn't love them I'm
I love them terribly I love them to the
point where I had put them on that
pedestal and I had to work on me before
I could reach them on that pedestal so
maybe your father hasn't reached that
moment where he's comfortable with who
he is in order to be a part of your life
mm um Kari period thank you